Congratulations, sister.
It's so grand today
Isn't that a lot of money?
Are you sure your girlfriend is so rich?
It can't be you.
Hurry up and spend money to replenish water
What is the virtue of the leaf ring?
No one in southern Xinjiang knows
The Han family and the Zhao family have offended the Great Xia Master
exterminated clan
Ye father and son have no backer
Naturally, he rushed to the Gu family to insert the door upside down
But what about some people?
He thinks he is noble
Always thinking about posting upside down
You are really
Holy Lord of Great Xia
You don't know yet
A few days ago, the southern Xinjiang riots
It is said that a saint suppressed
Even the five elders of Great Xia were submissive
I thought we were beautiful
The city can be seen by the saint
But who would have imagined
I'm still going to marry that crap service in the end
Are you sure that Ye Huan can come today?
You need to know
Our rich family door is not so easy to close
If it doesn't satisfy me
Don't get married today, dad
But Ye Huan is the biological father of Gentle
Shut up!
Tell me face
Ye Huan, will you really come?
Southern Xinjiang guards the old god of war Qi unarmor knife
Congratulations to the rich family
He Xi Fu Jia
Mr. Ye is afraid that his grandmother will be wronged
Retreat and send me to sit in the hall of the temple
Waiting for your visit, sir.
Is he really Tsieja?
That expert has not used soldiers for more than ten years
How could Ye Huan have this ability?
The home he refers to as his father
Is it half-fairy?
Did you just call me your daughter?
Yes, our Qi family has been returned to Shun Yu Mr. Ye
Of course you should be called mistress
It's really Ye Huan looking forward to your coming to China.
This night is already on the way
To bring a triple gift to propose marriage
To make up for the regret of the two
triple bride price